---
title: ElixirConf 2022 Wrap Up
weekStart: "2025/03/10"
weekEnd: "2025/03/16"
---

## Work

- Quiet start to the week as it was a public holiday in Melbourne on Monday, meaning that my current client was offline
- Mostly toddling around dealing with dependency upgrades and some small issues that have been put on the backburner as the plan for the next few months of work gets finalised

## Learning

Currently still working through Josh W. Comeau's Joy of React course, focusing on the Hooks module this week. Some interesting snippets I've picked up so far:

- `useRef` can actually hold more than just DOM nodes - I've just never seen this done before.
- Calling `useRef` with an empty dependency array is the canonical way to run something once after the component mounts, and never again - this has always felt a bit hacky to me but Josh is saying this is the correct way to do it.
- Learning some general bits and pieces about cleaning up `useEffect`s when we add in global event listeners and so on. I'm grateful I come from a functional programming background, so returning a function inside a function is pretty natural to me at this stage.
- Touching on data fetching in React, including exposure to SWR. Promises are one of those things that I can never remember the correct syntax for off the top of my head.

## Personal

- Started painting my nails again and it makes me happy c: A little sad that the "bubblegum pink" I ordered is closer to a flesh colour, but it's still nice
- Working on a portfolio site revamp - making friends with Figma again to get some rough mockups going in order to visualise the color combos, fonts, and layout I want, but things will probably shift as I actually implement the redesign
- The scarf I'm knitting is coming along nicely! I think it'll probably be done at the end of next week at the current pace I'm going with it
